Remove `qml.workflow.set_shots` (#6534)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

> * The ``qml.workflow.set_shots`` helper func has been removed. We no longer interact with the legacy device interface in our code 
>   workflow behavior. Instead, shots should be specified on the tape, and the device should pull it's number of shots from the tape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``qml.workflow.set_shots`` helper function has been removed. We no longer interact with the legacy device interface in our code.
  Instead, shots should be specified on the tape, and the device should use these shots.
```

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

* The ``qml.workflow.set_shots`` helper func has been removed. We no longer interact with the legacy device interface in our code 

> workflow behavior. Instead, shots should be specified on the tape, and the device should pull it's number of shots from the tape.

Reviewer: The indentation is needed for the sphinx build to succeed.

```suggestion
  workflow behavior. Instead, shots should be specified on the tape, and the device should pull it's number of shots from the tape.
```

Reviewer: I don't see a corresponding removal for the same deprecation from the "Pending deprecations" section. Though I can't find it either. Did we forget to add this to the deprecations page when it was first deprecated? 🤔

Reviewer 2: I think it was never added: https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6250/

Author: Agree. I couldn't find it anywhere. According to timestamps I deduced it to be 0.38 but now I think I was wrong and it should be 39.

>   - Deprecated in v0.38

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Deprecated in v0.39
```
I believe we just deprecated it in this release
